I mean, it all started, I guess, in high school. Dom was really getting involved with the wrong crowd, not making the right decisions. He saw opportunities, just not the right ones. He ended up dropping out of high school at 16. He went to Montana and he did some construction over there for a few years. After coming back from Montana, he had some money in his pocket from the construction, so he decided he was going to start selling some weed. He went out to California with his dad. His dad grew up in Kensington, Philadelphia, and ran the streets over there, so his dad was active in the drug and gang world, I guess you could say. Not the best environment for Dom growing up. Has dad ended up taking him out to California when he got back from Montana, and they met up with, like, I guess some California weed plugs out there, probably some cartel-related dudes, who knows. They shipped back lots and lots of not-to-weed, and they started really scaling the weed game in New Jersey. They opened up a few dispensaries, then they migrated to about New York and opened up a few, so Dom really had some good money rolling in his pockets. Still hanging out with the wrong crowd, making the wrong decisions, obviously not doing anything good with that money. Nothing to show for smoking, drinking, drugs; no health routine, no fitness routine, nothing. He thought the streets were just gonna lead him for the rest of his life, but after stacking up all that money from the weed game, he got a call from a buddy out in Georgia, so he decided, you know, I'm gonna take a ride down to Georgia. He wasn't going down to Georgia though, for his usual business. This was a little bit more involved. Dom got involved with some arms trafficking. Prior to this, he dibbled and dabbled in the guns game, but nothing too serious. Having all this money from the weed business, he took the ride down to Georgia.

Turns out the kid that asked him to take a ride down to Georgia was being watched by the ATF. The kid posted Dom on Instagram of him shooting a gun; that flagged instantly because the kid was being watched by the ATF and Dom was in the video. They ran a check. Dom was not supposed to be out of the state due to some pre-existing trial, and they flagged it and they started watching him on the way back home from Georgia. They pulled him over, followed him from Maryland back to New Jersey, pulled him over, and arrested him with 12 guns in the car, and I'm sure multiple other things. He ended up doing three and a half years in federal prison.

Dom really hit rock bottom as far as not having a plan in life, not really knowing what to do. He thought maybe he might have had it all, and that all switched really quick. He really went from feeling like he was probably on top of the world to realizing that shit's not sweet, really quick. Instead of putting his tail between his legs, Dom really built himself from the ground up inside a prison, with no resources, nothing. Physically, mentally, spiritually. He set himself back up to migrate into the real world and set himself up to be a better person, physically, mentally, and spiritually.

From everything that Dom's learned throughout that experience in prison, now he's trying to be better and help others get their life on track and not make the same mistakes that he did. Use the same exact template that he made for himself in prison to help others do the same thing. If you follow Dom's program, you can get the same results that he has and look the way that he has. Now that he's out of jail, he's actively been on social media; he has 50,000 followers, and he's currently actively grinding to get a job. He really turned his life completely around. That's Dom's story! fi